mqtt v1.9.4 hotfix (#5539)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/v1.9.4.md

# Dapr 1.9.4
 

> ## Fixes Mqtt pubsub component failure to read messages on startup when multiple subscriptions are configured

Reviewer: Nit: "MQTT" is all uppercase.

 
### Problem
 

> When using the Mqtt component users who had multiple subcriptions could encounter an issue where messages would stop being processed for the component.

Reviewer: Here too, and more below

 
### Impact
 

> This issue only occured for the Mqtt pubsub component and only occured in a specific scenario.

Reviewer: > This issue impacts users of the MQTT pubsub component on Dapr 1.9.0-1.9.3 that subscribe to multiple topics using the same component.

Then remove the second paragraph (moved that below)

The issue only occurs when there are two subscriptions and messages are only being published to the 1st topic and the subscriber gets killed after publishing a few messages. If the subscriber comes back online and there has been a few (>2) messages published already then it wil only deliver the 1st pending message and stop.
 
### Root cause
 

> When dapr tries to subscribe to the 2nd topic, it will try to reset the subscription and call m.consumer.Disconnect where it would halt.

Reviewer: This is too in-detail for the audience, as it's going into the nitty-gritty details of the Dapr source code. You can keep it higher-level such as:

```suggestion
The issue occurs when there are two or more subscriptions, messages are being published to the first topic only, and the subscriber gets killed after publishing a few messages. If the subscriber comes back online after a few (two or more) messages have been published already, then it will only deliver the first pending message and stop.

In the situation above, Dapr could enter into a deadlock and stop processing messages from MQTT.

The issue was traced back to an error in the upstream MQTT SDK used by Dapr
```

 
### Solution
 

> We have updated the mqtt sdk version to v1.4.2 which has had fixes for the race condition in disconnecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have upgraded the MQTT SDK used by Dapr to a new version which fixes the error.
```
